Add quick start to top level readme (#469)
Azure/missionlz: README.md

- Optionally, customize the Terraform deployment configuration to suit specific needs
- Deploy multiple customer workloads in production

## Quickstart

> To get up and running quickly execute the following code from Azure Cloud Shell, or from your local bash CLI

Reviewer: We can deploy with `az deployment sub create` wherever AZ CLI is installed.

```suggestion
To get up and running quickly execute the following code from Azure Cloud Shell, or from wherever you have Azure CLI installed.

Don't have Azure CLI? Here's how to get started with Azure Cloud Shell: <https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cloud-shell/overview>
```
